Now that we know how we can adjust for different platforms,
let's see how our application actually adjusts to different orientations.
For that I'll reload the application and just rotate it with command or control and the arrow keys for
example.
Now on the login screen, it's ok but we can see that here we faced a problem of too much content getting
crunched into that space,
it's working on this device but on a smaller device, we might actually lose some content and if we lose
the submit button, we've got a big problem.
Here
the issue is that flex box tries to fit everything onto the screen because it orders it from top to
bottom
but with all the margins and so on we set up, it can only do so much.
It gets even worse if we continue and we add a new place, here we can do that without issues because we
got a scroll view and here, Android supports us and opens the keyboard in a new full size window
but if I share the place and go back and open the place, we see just the window and I can't reach the trash
bin.
Now always keep in mind this is a big device, on smaller devices,
the issue might be worse.
Of course you can always limit the orientations your user may use,
you can limit that in the config files, I'll come back to that but sometimes limiting is just a cheap way
of avoiding work
as a developer. So what you can also do if it would make sense to offer your application in both dimensions,
you can use some features react native gives you to determine which orientation you're currently having
or better than that,
how much width and height you have at your disposal
and then you can reorganize your layout accordingly.
So let's have a look at the tools you've got and then let's implement these fixes,
in our case for the auth page and for this place detail page here.